---
title: Slowly but Surely
---

I know many of you are wondering how things are going with our adoption process. We haven't sent an update because there hasn't been much to report! Just seemingly never-ending paperwork. Progress has been slow, but we are choosing to approach things out of faith and patience and not fear or urgency. We continue to prioritize quality time with each other and with our daughters over rushing through the process. It's an interesting circumstance knowing that every day that passes influences which child will join our family. I feel a comforting and reassuring sense of God's sovereign hand over each day.

God very clearly provided for us recently regarding our profile book. When an expectant mother makes an adoption plan, she is given several of these "profile books" from families who have agreed to be "presented" to her. Obviously this is a very important part of the process. This book tells the mother who we are and gives a glimpse of what life is like in our family. FAC recommends using a professional to create this book for you. Josh and I didn't feel ready to pay that expense and hoped a friend might be able to design a book for us at a discounted cost. In the process of gathering our info and photos, I decided to throw it all in a word processing document just to get a feel for what was missing. Long story short, God worked out the timing perfectly so that my mom was in town and I was able to have lots of focused time over several days to create our profile book myself! We are waiting to hear if it meets FAC's high standards or if there are improvements we need to make.

As we start to see the light at the end of the paperwork tunnel, I am trying to wrap my head around the possibility of a baby joining us any day. I thought it was bizarre having a 4-6 week window waiting for our daughters to be born. This will be more like a 1-6 month window! Once our profile goes "active," we could match with a child within a week or it may take several months. And even then, we don't know if we will match with a newborn that is already here or an expectant mother who still has 6 months of pregnancy to go! There really is no way to approach it except with open hands trusting in God's perfect timing.

Thank you so much for your continued prayers and encouragement. We will let you know when our profile goes "active!"
